Update readme.md (#1664)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/113-qa/content/100-qa-basics/107-testing-techniques/100-functional-testing/readme.md

> # Functional testing
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://nicolalindgren.com/2020/12/22/step-by-step-guide-testing-without-requirements-little-requirements/'>Step by step guide: Testing without requirements little requirements</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.ministryoftesting.com/dojo/series/the-testing-planet-2019/lessons/checklist-for-testing-web-page-functionality'>Checklist for Testing Web Page Functionality</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://automationhacks.io/2020/03/08/mobile-app-testing-checklist/'>Mobile app testing checklist</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Functional Testing

Functional testing is a type of software testing that validates the software system against the functional requirements/specifications. The purpose of Functional tests is to test each function of the software application by providing appropriate input and verifying the output against the Functional requirements.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.guru99.com/functional-testing.html'>What is Functional Testing? Types & Examples</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.browserstack.com/guide/functional-testing'>Functional Testing : A Detailed Guide
</BadgeLink>

```

> # Functional Testing
> 
> Functional testing is a type of software testing that validates the software system against the functional requirements/specifications. The purpose of Functional tests is to test each function of the software application by providing appropriate input and verifying the output against the Functional requirements.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.guru99.com/functional-testing.html'>What is Functional Testing? Types & Examples</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.browserstack.com/guide/functional-testing'>Functional Testing : A Detailed Guide
> </BadgeLink>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Functional Testing

Functional testing is a type of software testing that validates the software system against the functional requirements/specifications. The purpose of Functional tests is to test each function of the software application by providing appropriate input and verifying the output against the Functional requirements.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.guru99.com/functional-testing.html'>What is Functional Testing? Types & Examples</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.browserstack.com/guide/functional-testing'>Functional Testing : A Detailed Guide</BadgeLink>
```
